
kristian-emacs-minimal is my (kristian) attempt to make a portable GNU
Emacs repo which can be used on all computers I currently need an
awesome editor on. Which is all running Arch Linux at moment, but I
will attempt to NOT make it bound to either Arch or Linux.

Look at http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/ to learn about GNU Emacs
and the GNU Project.

This repo is the first git, or any other version control repository
for that matter, I have ever made. In addition to learn Emacs and
Emacs lisp, I hope to develop an understanding of git and getting into
good habits while working with a VCS. (I'm Norwegian, so if my english
don't make sense to you, that's the reason. A spellchecker can correct
misspelled words, but don't help you write more intelligent
sentences).

Phil Hagelberg have written and published emacs-starter-kit on github
(see http://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit/tree/master)
which is my inspiration for publishing my own. Not likely that my will
be as popular as Phil's. But if you like how I do stuff, feel free to
clone the repo and contribute.

You may want to look at a screencast done by Geoffrey Grosenbach which
can be found at http://peepcode.com/products/meet-emacs, in which he
introduces Emacs and takes the viewers on a tour of
emacs-starter-kit.

But the premier place find documentation is within GNU Emacs
itself. Once you have installed and started emacs, press "ctrl" and "h",
release both keys and then press "ctrl" and "a". On the screen you can
click on either the link "Emacs Tutorial" or "Emacs Guided Tour" to
learn more.

Happy hacking!
